To Wan-z:

The following feecback is for the Project 3 draft. I will respond to the repo
after commit bfcba27.

Provide feedback about the following topics:

1. Is the project organized modularly, with Make as the workflow manager?

The project does have a Makefile in the root directory. The make file has
several targets including a python script pulled from a jupyter notebook,
a pandas docker container, and a final report generated by R markdown in
a tidyverse docker environment.

2. Does the project use both Python (Pandas specifically) and R (Tidyverse specifically) scripts?

Yes, the project uses python to wrangle the data and R to make graphs and a
final report. The python script pulls in the data, renames varaibles, and
produces merged datasets. The R script uses these datasets to make graphs
that are then presented in a markdown document.

3. Is Docker used to define execution environments appropriately?

It does appear that Docker was used appropriately. There are two environments -
one for python and one for R (the rocker environment).

4. Are the plots appropriate for the data types, the hypotheses being tested, and the points being communicated?

The are 16 plots that cover a variety of topics. That is awesome! The data have
been presented in several ways, which is a strength. There are non-text labels
for some variables (like disability and health insurance). Since we don't have
all the information we need to decipher these categories, you should consider
whether it's still valuable to keep them. I think it may be for some, but not
all, of the graphs.

5. How can the project be organized or documented more clearly?

The project order seems very logical. There are scripts, data, and results
subdirectories. The Makefile is in the root. I would consider expanding your
README to include information on how to run your code (i.e. use Make and also
install docker).

6. Is the purpose of the project communicated clearly?

Yes, there are specific questions listed on the README and these questions are
addressed in the report.

7. Does the purpose of the project make sense from the clientâ€™s point of view? How could the project better serve the client?

Yes. I think these are relevant questions for the client and it makes good use
of the available data. Because we don't have information on what certain values
mean for categorical data, including those plots may confuse your audience and
muddle your overall message. It might be sufficient to explain that we don't
know what those labels should be, but that we have provided a means of
understanding the categories once they're linked.

8. Is the source of the data made clear? (Remember that this project can be part of your public portfolios, so people not familiar with UMD may see it)

It is clear that the data came from UMD. Some more information on the contents
of these datasets may be warranted. It might also be good to link to UMD.

9. Is the interpretation of figures clearly explained?

You have many plots - which is a strength - but your explanations could be a
bit more interpretive. This is important because you are covering a large
amount of ground. I would consider some longer sections of text and a
discussion after every plot instead of after every section.

10. Is the purpose and interpretation of analysis steps clearly communicated?

The steps of the analysis follow the report format. The formatting of your
comments in the jupyter notebook could be improved by using text blocks between
important code blocks.

11. Are overall take-home messages clearly communicated?

This is a good step towards the objectives of Project 3. You incorporate
python, R, Make, and Docker. Thinking about this from a portfolio perspective,
it might be good to stay that you are doing all of that. Explain that you are
using Make and Docker to produce reproducible environments and that you also
provide examples of python and R skills. The messages to the client could be
improved by including an executive summary. 
